                                               War card game.

 The game is developed following the rules defined here :
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_(card_game)

 Program Logic and Structure in simple words:

1. Prepare the deck for each player by generating 52 cards. The suits are ignored in the logic of the game as they do not
   hold any significance in the game. There are 13 card values ('2', '3', '4', '5', '6', '7', '8', '9', '10', 'J', 'K', 'Q', 'A') and
   4 suits given by SUITS = ("of ♣","of ♦","of ♥","of ♠"). The 52 cards are generated randomly and shuffled before dealing.

2. The Deck is divided amongst two players by alternating the elements simulating the dealing of cards. Each Player gets a deck
   of 26 cards to play.

3. At every round of the game/battle, the top element of each Player's decks are compared to each other.

         The Player with higher card value gets both the cards.

         If the cards have equal value, then there is a war.
         During a war 3 cards from the both the Player's deck are removed and held in a list.
         The game continues with the next card. The player with higher card value at the draw, get all the cards which includes
         8 cards from the war_cards list and the two cards at the current round.

 The game is played until each player has atleast 4 cards. The minimum number of cards required to play is set as 4
 since 3 cards are faced down and 1 card is faced up during a war. This ensures game ends when one of the players
 have exhausted minimum number of cards needed to play the game.

4.  The game is played for a maximum of 1000 times. This ensures that the game ends when a situation of infinite loop
    arises.


 Corner cases addressed:

     1.Minimum number of cards needed to play the game.
     2.Two consecutive war situation.
     3.Infinite loop situation when each player wins every other round of the game preventing the game to end.
       The maximum number of times the game is played is set to 1000.

     A utility method Status is provided to check the status of the cards at any point in the game.It shows the cards on the deck
     ,the cards in the war_cards list. The total number of cards at anytime in the game is given by number of cards in each player's
     deck and the cards on the table(war_cards, game_cards) which sums to 52.


 Future enchancements.
     If there was more time I would attempt doing it using OOPs principles and also add front end logic to simulate the game.
     There are more versions of the game which uses suits along with the card values to decide the higher value card. I would
     like to include those to make the game more interesting.



